racing was offered because it expects it to be
his second reinforcement of the love of oscar
flying rosemary with present in hill
Buenos Aires the academy has already made the
proposal and wait response from the club
Paraguayan meanwhile in this report
that we put together in the law we review the
career of the player
Oscar Romero played between 2007 and 2008 in
the lower ones of mouth next to their
twin brother angel for problems of
papers had to go back to Paraguay
debut on a hill in Buenos Aires on May 15
of 2011 with 18 years the first of
December 2012 marked his first goal
ante sportivo luqueño little by little it was
showing their skills that take them
to be summoned to the Paraguayan national team
at the opening 2012 with a part of
campus that was champion in the
year 2013 he played 43 games and scored 6
goals was fundamental in the title that
got the club in the second half
of the year thanks to these good
Real Madrid yields wanted
take the two brothers however
his Paraguayan rejected the opt in
2014 showed its best performance
indisputable holder by the band
left he reached the last eight of the
liberating cup and fell in quarterfinals
final in the South American Cup at the mouth
in this tournament he had a great level against
lanús to which he got three goals in all
the year there were 54 meetings and they are nine
so many in the national team
Paraguayan five times in a
friendly match in which they will play them and
they defeated Cameroon 2-1
got his baptism in the networks halfway
last year he had the opportunity to go
to corinthians where his
brother between the clubs was already all
agreed but the pass could not be made
because the Paraguayan changed the
early contracting conditions
of this year is also named yes but
it seems now to be closer to ras their
characteristics are the one steering wheel
offensive is left-handed and can play both
by the bands as by means their
speed is one of the main
virtues in daring and with good charger
break shot
cocca and all racing